#data-viewer
  
System to show data from open data APIs and other sources.  
  
Web-based UI shows customizable application menu and user can select  
menu node to show data linked with the node.  
  
The system can host  several "services". Each service consists of hierarchical   
menu items and functions which are linked to menuitems.  
  
Data is loaded from different sources, such as open data REST services, 
weather camera pictures etc.  
  
Current version of system supports three types of data modules:  
- simpletext: shows given text. Parameters:  
  {  
    "text": "Put text here your text here and see it on page."  
  }
      
- weathercam: Finnish weather camera picture. Parameters:  
  {  
    "cameraid": "C04506",  
    "presetid": "C0450602",  
    "roadstationid": "4506"  
  }  
    
  You can find camera id from this page:  
  http://tie.digitraffic.fi/sujuvuus/ws/cameraPresets  
  
- trafficstats: Finnish traffic data. Parameters:  
  {  
    "LAM": "456"  
  }  
  
  Find LAM measurement station id from this page:  
  http://tie.digitraffic.fi/sujuvuus/ws/lamData  
    
Example service structure:
WEATHER CAMERA SYSTEM (type: system)  
    Tampere region cameras (type: menuitem)  
        Road 3 Sasi, towards Tampere (type: menuitem)  
            weather cam C0450601 (type: function)  
        Road 65 Kuru, towards Tampere (type: menuitem)  
            weather cam C0451002 (type: function)  
        Road 9 Orivesi, towards Tampere  (type: menuitem)  
            weather cam C0451302 (type: function)  
  
The system lists all services at the main page. User canselects a service  
by clicking servie name. When the service opens it shows menu. If single   
menu item has functions specified, menuitem is shown as a link. When clicking   
a link, functions are launched and new page opens. Page shows data which  
is generated by menuitem's functions.  
  
Administrator can define new services. Administrator defines a system 
by following way (admin page is located at http://domain:port/admin):  
    
1. Create a service  
2. Create service menu structure  
3. Add functions to menu items  
  
Administrator needs username and password to log in.  
  
You can create admin users by commenting out function in admin_routes.js and then 
calling url domain:port/adduser/:username/:password. Users aresaved to database. 
When admin username(s) is created, disable adding users.  
  
You need MongoDB databse to run this system. Follow these instructions:  
1. Create a new MongoDB database  
2. Insert demo material into db: systems, menuitems and functions. These are dumped
as JSON in directory /DEMO-database.  
3. Copy file ./config.json_TEMPLATE to new name: ./config.json  
4. Edit config.json and add your MongoDB database address.  
  
After configuring database you are ready to lauch server: npm start  
  
  
This application is implemented to test web technologies and application 
uses several different technologies/modules: NodeJS, Express, Passport, Mongoose, 
JADE templates, JQuery, BootStrap, React, log4js, unirest, xml handling...  